fix: deployment instructions fixes. (#25)
cloudfoundry-incubator/kubecf-docs: content/en/docs/Deployment/kubernetes-deploy.md

diego-api-0                              9/9     Running     2          16m
diego-cell-0                             12/12   Running     2          16m
doppler-0                                6/6     Running     0          16m
log-api-0                                9/9     Running     0          16m
log-cache-0                              10/10   Running     0          16m
nats-0                                   7/7     Running     0          16m
router-0                                 7/7     Running     0          16m
routing-api-0                            6/6     Running     0          16m
scheduler-0                              13/13   Running     1          16m
singleton-blobstore-0                    8/8     Running     0          16m
tcp-router-0                             7/7     Running     0          16m
uaa-0                                    9/9     Running     4          16m
```

In this default deployment, kubecf is launched without Ingress, and it
uses the Diego scheduler.

### Tear-down

```shell
$ helm uninstall kubecf --namespace kubecf

release "kubecf" uninstalled
```

### Access

> Run the following command to access the cluster after the cf-operator & kubecf has completed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to access the cluster after the cf-operator and KubeCF has completed
```

> sucessfuly the deployment and all pods are up & running correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sucessfully the deployment and all pods are up and running correctly
```
